Email 1
Subject: ‘Stay at Home Mom’ earns $10k a month (from her dining room table?...)

Hi {!firstname_fix},

It seems like everyone is teaching about the same old strategies, but my buddy Ron Douglas just showed me a clever new method that nobody is talking about.

Ron has figured out an easy way to get sales and leads using the future of online education - on demand classes.

In fact, he’s developed a system that enables you to earn money from advertisers just by doing what you probably do already - sharing cool stuff.

This system is so simple that he even showed his newbie wife how to do it and she's now generating an extra $2,500 each week in her spare time (see image below).

Plus, you can automate the entire process and never have to deal with any customers one on one.

And the good news is, Ron has agreed to come on live and show us exactly how it works for free, so be sure to grab your spot now at:
 
{insert registration URL}
 
It was not easy to get Ron Douglas to do this. If you don't know Ron, he's a NY Times Best Selling Author who has been featured live on Fox News, GMA, NBC and in People Magazine and has sold over $30 million in information products, online services, and books since 2001.
 
His schedule is really busy, but he agreed to teach this class for you, so make sure to join us live!
 
Get your free access link here:

{insert registration URL}

Talk soon,

Name

P.S. Here’s the image I mentioned about showing Ron’s wife’s results in just the last week!:





Email 2
Subject: Breakthrough! How Ron earned $429k in 30 Days on Zoom

Hey Firstname, I want to share something with you that's working like crazy...
 
As you can see below, in a little over 30 days, Ron’s Thrivecart account shows over $429k in sales.
 
Actually the total is way more than that.  If you count all the annual signed contracts they took in, he says it’s well over a million dollars in a month.
 
I call that a breakthrough.
 
The crazy part is, it all came from recorded Zoom videos using a new strategy called the APPS method...
 
The good news is, Ron Douglas is joining us on [Webinar Day and Time] to show you exactly how this strategy works and how you can implement it for yourself.
 
Register now at:
{insert registration URL}

This is the same system that his newbie wife is using to earn an extra $10k+ a month just by sharing free videos. You don’t want to miss this free case study.

I look forward to seeing you there!

Get your free access link now if you haven’t already - go to:

{insert registration URL}
 
Talk soon,
 
Ron

P.S. Here’s the $429k proof I was referring to:




Email 3
Subject: Here’s What We’re Covering Tomorrow (See Agenda)

Hey Firstname,

Wow, the demand for this has been off the charts. Everybody is signing up.

Are you joining us for tomorrow's free class?

We’re going to show you a live case study of how a stay at home mom earns an extra $10k a month sharing free videos from her dining room table.

Grab your free access link if you haven’t already:
{insert registration URL}

Here’s the agenda:

1. A smoking hot, easy income trend that many are missing
2. The 5 obstacles to your success and how this opportunity solves them
3. The simple automated system his newbie wife uses to earn $500 to $1,000 payments from her laptop
4. A little-known traffic source that’s much cheaper than Facebook and Google
5. How to get help to get your own automated profit business
6. Proof of how much people are actually making (with real account totals) 
7. Live Q&A coaching (have your questions ready)

And much more, including some surprises.

We have a packed house for this one, so make sure you log in on time to secure your spot!

Go to: {insert registration URL}

Talk soon,

Name

Email 4
Subject: Free Book - How to Make Money Sharing Videos

{Firstname}, did you get your link for the live class today at [Insert Time ET}?
 
{insert registration URL}
 
We have more people registered than we can accommodate, so I want to make sure you get there on time to secure your spot.

Everyone who joins us live will receive the “How to Make Money Sharing Videos” book download for free. It will be given during the first 10 minutes of the presentation, so get there on time and don’t miss out…


 
Here’s what we’re going to cover:
 
1. A smoking hot, easy income trend that many are missing
2. The 5 obstacles to your success and how this opportunity solves them
3. The simple automated system his newbie wife uses to earn $500 to $1,000 payments from her laptop
4. A little-known traffic source that’s much cheaper than Facebook and Google
5. How to get help to get your own automated profit business
6. Proof of how much people are actually making (with real account totals) 
7. Live Q&A coaching (have your questions ready)

This is going to be a good one! Register now if you haven’t already:  
{insert registration URL}
 
Your Name


Email 5

Subject: Free class starting shortly... jump on

The free class is starting up now. Jump on if you're online:
 
{insert webinar URL}
 
We're going to show you “How to Make $10k a Month Sharing Recorded Zoom Videos (Even If You’re Just Getting Started)...”
 
Plus you’ll also get the How to Make Money Sharing Videos digital book for free during the presentation.
 
See you there!
 
Your Name


Replay Email 1
Subject: [Replay Now Available] $10k a Month Sharing Free Videos

Hi {!firstname_fix},

Did you miss the free class yesterday?

WOW, you missed a good one. We dug in and shared:
 
- Actual personal income statements showing real proof that this system works

- The live ads, sales funnels, and follow-up sequences we’re currently using for our winning campaigns

- Multiple $10,000+ success stories and case studies

- The frustrating obstacles we came across and how you can avoid them all together

- Actionable content with simple little tweaks that will help you generate sales this week
 
All that and the feedback from the attendees was amazing.
 
This was not just another webinar. This was one of the top online marketers in the world sharing a secret system that even a complete newbie is earning up to $10k a month with.
 
And you missed it.
 
However, the good news is you can go watch the replay now for a limited time at:

[Insert Link]
 
When I say limited time, this thing is literally being taken down soon as requested by our presenter Ron. He wants this to benefit serious action takers and not procrastinators.
 
Make sure you watch it as soon as you get a chance.
 
Talk soon,
 
Name

P.S. There are only a handful of spots remaining in their partner program, so don’t miss out - go to: [Insert Link]

Replay Email 2
Subject: Ty Made $46k in 5 Days With This [Replay Expiring] 

Did you catch the replay? Catch it now before it expires!:

[Insert Link]

Over the past couple days we've been telling you about this proven new system that enables you to earn weekly checks just by sharing free videos.

The big question is “Will this work for me?”

Well, in the presentation we dig in deep to show you step by step exactly how:

- Ty C. made $46,940
- Daniel H. made $13,449
- Daven M. made $15,334
- Alice S. made $11,107
- Igor K. made $24,644

And there were a bunch of others as well, too many to list.

This thing is 100% proven and legit. In fact, we're sending steady payments to scores of people each month (even newbies) and you can be next.

See proof of how it works now...

--> Go to: [Insert Link]

Please note - we have exactly 3 spots left before the coupon code VIP10 expires.

Talk soon,

Name

P.S. The replay and offer both will expire soon, so don't miss out.


Replay Email 3
Subject: Is This For Real? - $10k a Month Sharing Videos

{!firstname_fix}, “Is this for real?”
 
That’s the question we keep getting asked.
 
It seems we really struck a chord with a lot of people during our presentation.  And it only makes sense because earning enough money online to replace your income is a dream come true for most people.
 
It seems surreal and people want to believe it but are sceptical.
 
The good news is, I can attest that it’s not only possible, it’s being done everyday by people just like you.
 
Just think, all you need is 5 payments of $500 (less than 1 a day) to make $2,500 in a week. That works out to $10,000 a month or $120,000 a year. All from just those 5 payments each week. With all the billions of people online all day, it's not only doable following this program, it is proven to work.
 
We’ve had a bunch of go-getters who have already got into this program. These are the action takers who believe in themselves and will happily invest in their success. 

But we also have a lot of tire kickers who can’t envision themselves doing anything great and shoot down every opportunity that comes their way.
 
You have to decide which one you want to be.
 
Watch the presentation now because we laid out the entire business model for you and showed you proof that it works. Many are saying this is the best webinar they've ever seen.

Watch it now before it expires - go to: [Insert Link]

If you've seen it already, they still have a few spots left for the Automated Profit Partners (APPS) Program - grab your spot now at: [Insert Checkout Link]
 
Talk soon,
Name
 
P.S. The special offer made during the presentation is just about filled, so don’t miss out...

Replay Email 4
Subject: Will This Work for You? (See Answer Inside)

Hi {!firstname_fix},

I know you've probably seen a lot of business opportunities that seem exciting and one of the main questions you probably have is...

“Will this work for me?”

That’s a fair question, but it’s also the biggest obstacle that people have to success...

They question themselves and second guess their abilities instead of believing in themselves. They simply can’t see themselves doing it and therefore it makes them not take action.

The one thing that’s a big help is seeing that people just like YOU are having good success with a program. It makes it more real and it’s very inspiring.

So will our Automated Profit Partners system work for you? 

Towards the end of the replay video, we show you the amazing results members are getting. Check it out for yourself at:

[Insert Link]

There are only a couple spots left in this program, so be sure to watch the replay video and lock in your spot now...

Watch the replay right now - it expires soon:
[Insert Link]

If you've seen it already, we still have a few spots left for the Partner Program - grab your spot now at: [Insert Checkout Link]

Talk soon,
 
Name
Replay Email 5
Subject: Replay Expiring (Tonight) - $10k a Month Just Sharing Videos

How would you like a bonafide multi-millionaire to show you exactly how to generate up to $2,500 a week just by sharing free videos in your spare time?
 
Well today is your final chance to take Ron Douglas up on his offer to personally help you with his new Automated Profit Partners (APPS) program.
 
If you haven’t seen the replay yet, it explains exactly how this new opportunity works. This is the same program his newbie wife uses to generate $500 to $1,000 checks on demand.
 
Don't miss this rare opportunity. There are limited spots still left and the offer is expiring tonight!...
 
--> Go to:  [Insert link]
 
Talk soon,
 
Your Name
 
P.S. It's not often that someone as successful as Ron Douglas is willing to help you personally. He has an excellent reputation in the industry and is a standup guy you can trust to help you. You should definitely grab this deal now before it expires -  [Insert checkout link]
 
Replay Email 6
Subject: $800 in Free Ad Credits!

Did you see the $800 in free ad credits bonus they’re giving you with the APPS program?

We’ve been raving about this opportunity all week and this is perhaps the best bonus because it will enable you to earn money without paying for traffic.

I mean, the entire offer is amazing. Here’s what you get:

	•	A Done For You Quiz Funnel With Sales Copy Written 
	•	The Automated Profit Partners (APPS) Masterclass 
	•	Complimentary access to “Experts Classroom” - the private network of proven online classes that pay you $500 to $1,000 a sale. 
	•	Bonus #1:  The APPS VIP Customer Success Group 
	•	Bonus #2:  Done for you facebook remarketing ads that they pay for! 
	•	Bonus #3:  Done for you reports and content you can give away to promote the free classes and earn commissions! 
	•	Bonus #4:  Done for you follow-up email campaigns you can brand as your own! 
	•	Bonus #5:  Lifetime access to the WebinarPages landing page software platform! 
	•	Bonus #6:  A free one-on-one coaching call 
	•	Bonus #7:  $800 in free ad credits to earn money with right away 

Whew! That’s a lot of amazing value for just a one time payment.  Plus you can still get $1,500 off the regular price using coupon code APPS1742.

Grab your spot now before it’s gone - go to:

[Insert Checkout Link]

If you still want to watch the replay, it’s still up for a limited time but will be taken down very soon.  Here it is again:

[Insert Link]

Talk soon,

Name
Replay Email 7
Subject: Last Chance (Expiring Now)

This is the final notice that the special offer from this week’s presentation is expiring in a few hours.  At midnight, POOF it’s gone.
 
There’s always someone who comes to us after the fact and is told that they missed the boat.

Don’t be that person.
 
If you want to partner with a millionaire to earn $500 to $1,000 a sale, you need to jump in now with one of these two options for the Automated Profit Partners (APPS) program now:

[Insert Checkout Link]

*Remember the coupon code APPS1742 gets you $1500 off (only 1 spot left).
 
If you need further details about this opportunity, be sure to catch the replay now before it’s gone: 

[Insert Link]
 
Talk soon,

Name

P.S. if you have any quick last minute questions about this opportunity, you can open a ticket at www.SupportForCustomers.com 