(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Hello, hello, welcome back to another very enlightening trading video. Today we are talking about my model SBS, swing breakout system. We're going to dive deep into the logic behind the sequence, how it plays out, I'm going to show you some examples, and also we're going to talk a little bit about trading psychology, because I need to realign your focus to what truly matters in trading. 

Of course, before we begin, I want to remind you that this video should not be construed as financial advice. This is not a financial advice. This is not a recommendation to buy or sell any stocks, securities, cryptos, or meme coins. 

This is none of that. This is for educational purposes only. Let me ask you something. 

Is this you? I know that the example might be a little bit extreme, but do you feel like this inside? Or maybe your desk looks like this after trading NFP or CPI news, but this is the reality for most traders. Don't you feel frustrated and misled by trading gurus who promise the world, but leave you more confused and unprofitable? These so-called experts, right? Lure you in with flashy cars, luxury lifestyles, instant riches, or maybe some shiny brand new strategy that they just discovered, but come to find out they've got a paywall in order to reveal that strategy. The harsh reality is that you end up spending your hard-earned money and time on their courses, signals, systems, only to realize they offer nothing but empty promises. 

You are left stuck, more lost than ever, and the cycle of dependency continues. The more you believe into some guru and their system, the more you're dependent on them explaining you all the nuances, all of the intricacies of that system. So, the more you learn about somebody's concepts, the more you're getting indoctrinated and brainwashed into their philosophy, into how they trade, into everything else. 

But if the trader themselves is not profitable, they cannot teach other traders how to be profitable, so they resort to selling courses. But imagine a world where you don't need to rely on anyone else. Picture yourself mastering the market, reading price action with confidence, and executing flawless trades. 

Knowledge is abundant and should be free. What if you could harness that knowledge, focus on your abilities, and truly perfect your execution? Your trading potential is truly limitless. What if you had the keys to unlocking consistent profitability? What if you could develop a daily trading plan that you understand deeply and execute with precision? How would it feel to finally take control of your trading journey and achieve the success you always dreamed of? But most traders remain trapped, continuously chasing the next trend, signal, or secret formula from these trading gurus.

Losses and their confidence shattered. You end up wasting time and money, feeling like you'll never break free from this cycle of dependency and failure. The cycle of the trading guru cock-riding carousel. 

Yes, that's what most traders doing today. There is a ICT in there, there is Romeo, there is other shiny object in here, shiny strategy over there, and everybody's hopping on one shiny object to another, and there is a unicorn, and they're jumping on another unicorn, and it's a never-ending cycle of traders just keep riding that trading guru cock-carousel, and they're praising one guru, and then they get frustrated, and the guru can't answer their answers, and they go back to another trading guru, and the other trading guru is very complicated, and they just telling you to go back test, and never providing you any answers, and you keep jumping from one unicorn to another, from one unicorn to another, and everybody's got the holy grail, and everybody says that their strategy is superior, and you just end up being confused. You go around in circles looking for that way out, and there is no way out because it's a circle.

However, what if today you decided to take action and change your approach? You could develop a personal daily trading plan, focus on mastering one trading model, and gaining confidence through consistent execution. Imagine the freedom and empowerment of knowing you have the skills to succeed on your own terms. You know, I was once in the same position misled by trading gurus, feeling stuck. 

I invested in countless courses, systems, and signals only to find myself more confused and unprofitable. That's what the reality of today traders are. Like I said, they are riding the cock-carousel. 

I have started trading in 2020, and I went through countless gurus trying to tell me they've got the holy grail, or their signals would work, and that was my retail concepts introduction to trading. It took me a while to go through the garbage. I wasted a lot of time, and I wasted a lot of money. 

In the beginning of 2023, I found an ICT, inner circle trader. I found his YouTube channel. As an INTJ, I am very fascinated about systems. 

I'm very fascinated about anything that works, and anything that somebody put together. If it's a good system, I'll try to learn it and execute it. The thing is with ICT is that there is just so much. 

There is so much stuff, and really, his content is designed in a way for you to keep watching, to keep just being brainwashed by his terminology and stuff. I'm not saying his concepts don't work, but you got to realize that if anybody who made ICT worked, it's because their own ability of reading price, their own experience with the charts. The concept is just there of a way to read the price, but the problem is the confusion. 

It's really just overcomplicated basics at this point, and why not just focus on basics, so we don't have to constantly watch and re-watch endless four-hour rants with the hopes of finding a few enigma gems. That's my problem with ICT. It didn't really make me profitable and left me more confused than ever. 

Because ICT has built such a strong cult, pretty much, you have all of these jokers like Romeo that's literally repackaging his content using his clout, using ICT's clout and the following, in order to sell his own version of a turtle soup. And you know, ICT haven't invented turtle soup. If you want to go down deep into the rabbit hole, you can find the origins of turtle soup, but that's not really the point. 

The point that these jokers like Romeo, repackaging somebody else's concepts, using their clout, selling this repackaged course, and leaving traders even more confused. Well, not only that, Romeo is now breeding other Romeos just like him, as racist as him, using the n-word all over Twitter, insulting everybody, totally disrespecting everybody, and for what? To sell some $100 course that's gonna leave traders even more confused? Like I said, it's a trading guru cock-riding carousel. And if traders were not confused and had the answers and actually focused on their own ability to trade, instead of looking up to these clowns that literally repackaging forever. 

This is, I think, like fifth course from Romeo, and now we have his disciples making the same thing. Like, if you have the answers, why do you make more courses? Why is this a thing? Why are we making more and more courses of repackaged stuff that's literally the same thing? You know, I wasted a lot of time with ICT, then I looked into Romeo's stuff, and it took me about a month to realize that all of his posts literally are cherry-picked MT4 screenshots that nobody knows how many losses he took before, or how many trades he took before. It's just literally cherry-picked hindsight stuff, and I am done wasting my time. 

That's why I ditched ICT in the August of 2023, and doubled down on basics, on what actually works, which is the market structure. I realized that the real secret lies in understanding the market, reading price action, and perfecting your execution. I developed my own daily trading plan focused on one model and executed it multiple times to gain confidence. 

Now I am consistently profitable and no longer relying on anyone else. I don't need any guru, and my goal here is to inspire you to do the same, is to believe in yourself, and if you actually want to truly become a trader, you need to practice, but you need to practice your own ability to trade, your own execution, not somebody else's that told you this and that. Don't trust, verify. 

So, if I'm presenting you the model today, don't just trust me, go back this and verify it, and see if it works for you, because I can't trade for you. I can only show you what works, what worked for me, how I did it, how I achieved it. The rest is on you guys. 

My ultimate goal is to empower traders like you to take control of your trading journey and achieve consistent profitability by developing your personal daily trading plan, focusing on one model and executing it with precision. You can break free from the cycle of dependency and failure. Remember, the ultimate goal is to take control of your trading journey and achieve consistent profitability. 

Develop your personal daily trading plan. That's all you need to become a trader, to become a consistently profitable trader. That's all you really need, and everything else is going to be an extra distraction. 

The more complicated your setup is, the more distracted and confused you're going to be. So, you want to identify something that repeats over and over and over and over and over and over on any time frame, at any time, without any complications. So, before you do anything, you need to sit down and write your daily plan. 

This is what you're going to do every single day if you're a trader. So, if your goal is $1,000 per day, which is for a lot of people, this is a hefty goal. You don't have to go for this. 

I just put it as an example. Wherever you are in your trading journey, you're probably starting with zero, because you've been misled by all the trading gurus and you're running in circles. Decide what goal you're going to have. 

It could be $100. It could be $10. Depends on your budget. 

Depends on everything else in your life. This is the goal. And remember that trading is a skill. 

So, our goal is not to sit in front of the chart all day long and playing the analyst and trying to pretend that we know the future and trying to predict all of it at once. It's not our goal. And see, that's another problem with the trading gurus is that a lot of them are breeding unprofitable analysts that want to be right and don't want to make money. 

And you can really easily spot them if you see a bunch of hindsight charts, especially on high time frame, where they calling price and then reposting the ones that work. So, again, our goal is to make money. Our goal is not to be an oracle analyst, because oracle analyst getting hired by somebody else, and you end up working for somebody else. 

And there's nothing wrong with working for somebody else. But I'm all about independence and I'm all about working for myself. So, understand that this is the goal. 

The goal is money. The goal is not to become super accurate analyst, like ICT wants you to believe he is. It's not the goal. 

That helps nobody. Our goal is to control ourselves and to manage our emotions in order to get to these levels of income. Simply put, trading is only a skill. 

And the only profitable trading is discretionary trading, because everything depends on you as a trader and your ability to trade and your ability to read the price action. And I reduced everything. I took out all the fluff. 

I took out all the complications and I came up with one trading setup and trading model. So, that's why we're going to focus on trading only one setup. And you don't have to trade my setup. 

If you're successful with something else, that's fine. But understand that the more complications you have, the more confused you're going to be. And it's harder for you to keep taking that three trades per day.

Because if you're not consistently winning and getting every day consistent wins, and I get it, some days you might lose and some trades you might lose. But if you're not consistently executing your daily plan, you're not following your goal. You won't be able to achieve this goal if you're not following your daily plan. 

The plan that you said you're going to follow. This is very, very important. I was talking about this in my previous videos. 

This is cognitive dissonance. If you're telling yourself, I'm going to go for this goal. And in order to achieve this goal, I got to take three trades and be done for the day. 

I got to trade only one setup and only that setup. And I got to have a fixed risk with stop loss and take profit. And I'm done after three trades. 

And if I achieved the goal or not, I'm done after three trades. This is the system. And if you deviate from this system, the plan that you said before, your brain eventually is not going to trust you. 

And you can't trust yourself. So you end up looking for the next shiny object, for the next holy grail. They will make you profitable somehow just by learning this one holy grail.

And it's backwards approach. That's what trading gurus are trying to sell you. Sell you the dream that, oh, well, with this system, you can do it. 

But it all comes back down to your personal plan, to your goals, and how you get there. So with that being said, I present to you my own trading model, swing breakout sequence, SBS. This is my personal trading model that I have been developing for the past year. 

And now I'm literally giving you the holy grail. But this is my holy grail. Again, I want to emphasize that I'm going to teach you this trading model, how to see it, how to look at it, how to execute it. 

But you yourself still need to focus on your plan. The main thing is over here. And we take in three trades per day, trading only one setup, which is, I'm presenting you this setup. 

Like I said, you are welcome to follow your plan and try to use whatever knowledge you have, whatever you learn in trading, and put together your own trading system. In this video, I'm going to give you my trading system, how I see the market, what I have developed, what I see every day repeat, what's working for me. And this is why I say that the knowledge is abundant. 

The knowledge is free. But the application of this knowledge is what matters. The application of the knowledge. 

You can learn this today, be excited for a while, maybe see some progress. But if you deviate from your plan, if you deviate from this, you're going to fail. Your daily plan is how you achieve the goal of $1,000 per day. 

So let's dive in into this system. Again, we're going to focus on just taking three trades per day. This is where you want to pick a time frame and trying to like focus on one time frame at a time and just trade a swings inside of that time frame. 

You know, there is a big misconception that scalping doesn't work. That scalping is noise. That lower time frame scalping is really not profitable. 

It's low probability. And swing trading is the best way to do it. And it's fine. 

They both really work. But where people are wrong is that scalping doesn't work. Scalping works. 

And I proved it on my timeline over and over again. You can go back on my Twitter and where I posted a bunch of executions using this exact model. I was trading on a 15 second chart. 

If my plan is three trades per day, I want to be done as soon as possible. I can literally open 15 second chart, find my sequence, execute it and be done in like 30 minutes to 60 minutes depends on the price action. I can be done just like that and move on with my day. 

And my daily goal of taking three trades per day is done. I can go back on Twitter dunking on Romeo or something, but I'm done with my trading plan. That's what trading is all about.

So again, there is nothing wrong with swing trading. It's all really about the plan. Maybe you don't want to take three trades per day. 

I don't know. Maybe you want to take one trade per month. Go trade the higher time frame. 

That's fine too. You can do that on a daily time frame. But if you're a day trader, I'm talking about day trading, your goal is to take three trades per day. 

Then why not go on the lowest time frame you can and just execute those trades with appropriate risk? So why not just risk more money on the lower time frames instead of trying to, you know, pinpoint exact move that's going to be the final move out of the lower time frame consolidation and going for the higher time frame targets and using the planet alignment to predict the future and then this and that and mumbo jumbo blah, blah, blah, and watch my content endlessly. So you understand full puzzle. We don't need to understand how price delivers and moves every day and what all the nuances are in there and this and that and trying to solve this big, big puzzle of the stock market and futures market and how they correlate and this. 

It's confusing. It's complications. You want to focus on basics. 

So again, you can trade whatever you want, but this is what I'm trading and this is what I'm successful with. You are welcome to learn this and try it for yourself and back test it. Most important part is following this plan and trading one setup. 

So based on this schematic, where do you think the best trade is? If this is a sequence, this is a logical progression of this pattern of this breakout. If we have a swing high and swing low, and if you don't understand what is swing high or swing low, go back on my channel and watch previous videos. I dive deep into the market structure and how the prices move. 

So this is a swing point, swing high and swing low. Now do not pay attention to this box. Instead of focusing on the box, which most people do, most traders going to focus like, well, where, where, where is the bounce? And see, they might be correct initially where it bounces, but because they were greedy and didn't take profit here, they get stopped out and get lured in into the shorts thinking that this is now a bearish market structure shift, boom, and then they get stopped out again.

And maybe they'll try to short it here and try to short down, down, down, because this is a bearish market structure shift. And this is how the smart money manipulates retail all the time. While everyone focusing on the box and trying to get in, in the box, putting the stop loss right below, the right thing to do, if you want to trade off of the box, you got to put the stop loss below the swing low. 

So that's a pretty big stop loss. But if you want to know when the price is actually going to go higher, but if you focus on the sequence, which we have a breakout, number one, this is the trigger for the sequence. You have to have a swing high and swing low, and you have a breakout. 

It doesn't have to be a candle closure. It could be just a way. And I'll show you some examples later on. 

Important part, number one is a breakout. Number two is the first pullback into the swing high and swing low. This first pullback is a trade in itself, but I would argue that this is more risky a trade than this, because you have to be quick. 

This is more like an impulse trade. It usually doesn't spend a long time here. It just bounces and makes a new high.

Number three condition for this sequence is that three needs to make a new high, or it could be equal highs. But the best is when it makes a new high trapping all the buyers in here, because you got breakout traders trying to take this higher. He might even start going high, high, and then eventually dumps. 

But after the three, you have the big move down, which could be a trade in itself from three to four. And the four is liquidation of the number two. So you have these buyers that got lucky, and then they want to see prices to go higher. 

And they think, oh, wow, well, we're definitely going higher. Look, we broke, made a new high, higher high. And what happens is that they get greedy, they don't take profits here, and they take them all the way back down, liquidate them. 

And the same traders now might switch the bias and try to short. Now they try to short here. They try to short here, here, here, because they're thinking that this was the move.

This was the breakdown to the downside. And this is just the part of the sequence. This happens all the time on all the timeframes. 

And I challenge you to go and back test this, because if the Holy Grail exists, this is it. So after the four, we don't want to just enter on the sweep. We want to see some kind of a flip, some kind of reversal. 

Usually they look like double bottom, double tops, reversals. We don't just enter at the four, we wait for the five. So what I like to do is when I see this double bottom playing out, I like to set a stop order about here. 

So this is where the fixed risk with stop loss and take profit comes in. Looking at this schematic, the best trade is this one. The best trade is to take it from here to here. 

This is what I like to trade. You can play around, back test it, and see if you can maybe spot these shorts from three to four. Again, this is a great trade. 

But understand, the longer you wait for the sequence, the better it gets. The setups become, in a way, higher and higher probability because the sequence is playing out. So if you think about it, right after the breakout, this is a bad trade to just buy the breakout because you don't know how long is it going to go, where it's going to go. 

Return to the area again. We don't know when it's going to return. We don't know when it's going to stop going. 

It could be just keep climbing higher. We don't know. We don't force the sequence. 

We just follow it. So when we see that it comes back to the number two, this is a better trade now because we have like a set stop loss and target. This is a better trade. 

But then after you see the three, you can anticipate the reversal to liquidate the first stop, which is the number two, the first stop of this range of the swing high and swing low. So this is a short in itself from three to four. And then, in my opinion, the highest probability trade is the best setup that I see is number five, because we have all of this happening and we understand why it's happening.

It's pretty much liquidating both sides, but in the particular sequence. So after we see the four liquidates two, we wait for this. And like I said, I like to set a buy stop order right here because I understand that a lot of these double bottoms are the actual move. 

And after they trap the traders, this can go straight up without opportunity to get in. So that's why I just set a buy order. My stop loss goes below here and my target is over here. 

I actually don't even set it towards the high because sometimes we have a big pullback right before the high gets taken. See, that's part of my experience as a trader and what I see price do all the time. And the only way to get to this level of understanding is if you executing and focusing on the one trading setup only with fixed risk and stop loss. 

Now, should you move a stop loss to break even? I would not do it. Just set it, accept the risk and wait for your target to get hit. Based on these parameters, based on the chart, you want to calculate how much you need to risk and what is your take profit. 

So your take profit is going to be $333 because of the goal, right? And we want to take three trades per day. So the easiest way is just $333. That's the take profit and you risk a hundred bucks. 

I think there is a lot of times there is one to three or one to two risk to reward. Again, this fixed risk with stop loss and take profit is going to be fixed based on this schematic. How I do it is that I always put it by stop order. 

The stop loss always goes below here and target is always there. This is the fixed logic to taking a trade. I'm not talking about one to two, one to three, one to five, one to six RR because it's irrelevant. 

You should set your stop loss and take profit based on the chart and based on what you see on that chart. Now, if you're not comfortable of setting by stop order, see, I am pretty confident in this sequence because I've been trading it for like almost a year now and I can see it play out over and over and over and over again. So the more executed, the more confidence I gain. 

So I have no problems putting by stop in here. Some traders like to wait for extra confirmation. Understand this pattern is confirmation in itself. 

So sometimes what can happen is that this double bottom also has a pullback and we have the same sequence, but on a lower timeframe. So you can use the same sequence to confirm this double bottom back, test it and see what works for you. Because what works for me might not work for you.

You might have different personality. You might not like by stop orders. You might like limit order. 

Some of you might just market order right here. I don't know. Maybe you like to live on the edge. 

But anyhow, my big point here going to be is to follow the sequence and don't try to force it. We're not trying to be analysts. We're not trying to predict the price action. 

We're not trying to predict the next five days or the next month. So how year is going to close after my take profit hits. I don't care.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)